Make the Connect upgrade caveat more specific (#4078)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/services/connect/troubleshooting.adoc

* Browsers intercept certain keys and key combinations. As a result, you can't type these keys into your Connect window. Screen sharing includes a toolbar to simulate some of the most popular intercepted keys.

> * Upgrading `rpi-connect` and `rpi-connect-lite` using Connect's remote shell is not supported. The upgrade process will terminate all remote shell sessions and drop all connections. To upgrade in a remote shell session the upgrade process must be launched using a tool like `screen` to ensure the process continues uninterrupted after the session is terminated.

Reviewer: "To upgrade in a" -> "To upgrade Connect in a" ?

"after the session is terminated." -> "after the parent session is terminated." ?

> * Upgrading `rpi-connect` and `rpi-connect-lite` using Connect's remote shell is not supported. The upgrade process will terminate all remote shell sessions and drop all connections. To upgrade in a remote shell session the upgrade process must be launched using a tool like `screen` to ensure the process continues uninterrupted after the session is terminated.

Reviewer 2: Given @lurch's feedback and the fact we mention both screen and tmux elsewhere in the docs, how about:

```suggestion
* Upgrading `rpi-connect` and `rpi-connect-lite` using Connect's remote shell is not supported. The upgrade process will terminate all remote shell sessions and drop all connections. To upgrade Connect in a remote shell session, use a tool like `screen` or `tmux` to ensure the process continues uninterrupted after your connection is closed.
```

Author: Seems good to me. Happy with this suggestion @lurch?
